+++
title = " Being a friend..."
tags = [
    "പലവക",
]
date = 2017-12-03T09:40:00.000-08:00
categories = [
    "പലവക",
]
author = "L"
+++

As teenagers, the most valuable thing in our loves is friendship. It is important to have someone to share and care. I think that almost everyone has their own circle of friends. Living a life without friends is boring indeed.

Some persons choose solitude. But everyone needs a horegallu sometimes in their life. 'Horegallu' is a Kannada word used to indicate a stone that bears  weight. It helped the travelers in old days to relieve their burden and rest for a while. Like the physical burdens we all have emotional burden. Everyone needs an outlet to let their worries out in some point of their life. By doing so, they can lighten their minds and be refreshed for the remaining journeys. This is what psychological counselors do. They hear you out and suggest a solution. Psychological counselors arose due to the lack of friends.

Today we find it hard to believe, trust or confide to someone. We don't trust each other. Or in other words we, ourselves are not trustworthy. So we can't trust others. We can't find someone to share our miseries because we are not ready to listen to others' worries. Even if we listen them we judge them. We should try to be someone who is trustworthy and non-judgemental. You are doing a social service by relieving their emotional burdens. You are satisfying their emotional needs. I hope everyone who is going through this is going to be a good friend and has a good friend. 
