+++
title = " An Awkward Post"
tags = [
    "പലവക",
]
date = 2020-07-21T10:02:28.871-07:00
categories = [
    "പലവക",
]
menu = "main"
author = "L"
+++

So, it's been a while since I wrote something. I don't think my tagline matches my profile anymore - from a moody adolescent. Sadly, I am no longer a teenager. I am a grownup (and I don't want to admit that :/). Four years ago, all I wanted was to graduate high school and go away to college. Now, I am not sure about what I want. I mean, I kinda want to go back to childhood, before all this drama. Since I can't, I should try my best to make the best of each day, right?

I am particularly feeling good right now after watching "feel good". Since the lockdown started, I have binged on countless shows and novels. I don't know why I binge-watch. I usually end up watching a whole season within a day. I am too anxious about the end that I forget to enjoy the ride. And I forget all the details (sometimes the plotline) within a few days. Though after watching or reading, I savour the parts I liked for some time. I want those images to stick in my head.

Do normal people do that? I don't know. Do we need a reason to do something?

Speaking of reasons, why do young people read YA novels? I didn't know the meaning of YA a few months before - Young Adult. Can I describe myself as a young adult? Adolescence or teenage is a phase of drama. Even if these novels are stupid, cliche, cringe they resonate with our feelings. The hurt, anger, pain, maybe love. They click with us. The characters may be white, black, grey, straight, gay, bi, girl, boy, non-binary, Asian, Latin, African but the feelings do not differentiate between these differences. Dealing with these emotions and growing up hard for almost everyone. That's why this genre will not die any time soon. I read more than 10 YA novels in three months. I was reading "To all the boys I've loved before" when the lockdown started. Then I read "The Hate U give". That book shook me up. Alert: I'm a person who easily tears up. But usually, that happens towards the end. But this book gave me tears within a few pages. As I said earlier, I don't recall the details. But I want to do a review thing on the stuff I watched or read during the lockdown.

And now I am at an awkward pause. How do I end this article? It feels like ending an awkward conversation. There are millions of thoughts inside my head. My brain is exhausted after constantly processing that. So I decided to type them down, to quiet those voices. And I promised myself to post them no matter what. Rereading this article makes me want to delete every word, but I am resisting myself like I am resisting myself from cutting my hair short :D. That's it, I guess. You can look forward to more awkward posts if anyone is reading this.


Signing off,  
A Human being.
